## createApp()
- Comment out original js
- Import vue CDN, adding it just above the app.js
- Vanilla js is imperative approach which means that every step is defined explicited.
- Vue is different wherein we define the end result, and give the data
- Create vue app in the app.js file with:
  ```javascript
  Vue.createApp({
    data: function(params) {statement}
    can also be rewritten in modern javascript as:
    data(params) {statement}
  });
  ```
- Vue is a global object available after we import the Vue script.
- .createApp takes a javascript object. Returns an application instance which provides an 'application context'.
- The createApp function can take 2 paramters:
  1. The first is a 'root component options object'
  1. The second is 'root props'. I'm guessing thats root properties.
  
## data and v-model="" attribute

- The application instance's first parameter can contain the reserved name 'data'.
  'data' is typically a function with a return value. In this lession:
  
  ```javascript
  data() {
    return {
      goals: [].
      enteredValue: ''
    };
  }
  ```
  Where the return keyword contains an array named goals, and a string named enteredValue.
  The goals will be an array of the goals. The enteredValue will depend on whatever is
  inputted in the input textbox.

- To establish connection between html and the vue.app property, we need to add
  'v-model="property-name" as an attribute of the html element. Enter in the input tag.
  ```html
  v-model="enteredValue"
  ```

## methods and v-on:event="method" attribute

- The apps first parameter object also has another reserved name 'methods'. 'methods' is
  typically an object that contains functions.
  
  ```javascript
  methods: {
    addGoal() {
      this.goals.push(this.enteredValue);
      this.enteredValue: ""
    };
  }
  ```
- It seems that the key/pair object of the return value in 'data' will become properties
  of the app.
- 'this' refers to this particular application instance. 
- 'push' means to add a new value into the array.
- To add an event listener for the app in html, we add the attribute:
  v-on:event="method-name"  
  where event is the type of event, adn method-name is a method listed in 'methods'. In
  this lesson:
  ```html
  v-on:click="addGoal"
  ```
## v-for="index in array" attribute

- To create a foreach loop in html for the app, we first create the element in which we
  want to loop over. Then we add the attribute to said element:  
  ```html 
  v-for="index in array"  
  ```
  where index is each iteration of array. The array should be a property of the app. We
  can use the index in html by placing the inside double curly brackets.
  ```html
  {{ index }}
  ```
- The additional elements added by v-for are simply appending to the last child node.
  Adding new elements dynamically whilst not affecting those already created.

## .mount("selector") assign app to element

- .mount("selector"). The vue .mount method is available for created app instances. It
  informs the app where the vue attributes should be read from. The selector is the css selector of the parent element of the application where all the 'v-' attributes are defined in. You can chain this method to the createApp method:
  ```javascript
  Vue.createApp({
    data() {},
    methods: {}
  }).mount("selector");
  ```
  In this lesson the selector is the id=app of the parent <div>. Hence:  
  ```javascript
  .mount("#app");
  ```
  This is known as chaining methods, it can be seperated into:

```javascript
let app = Vue.createApp({
  data() {
    return {
      goals: [],
      enteredValue: '',
    };
  },
  methods: {
    addGoals() {
      this.goals.push(this.enteredValue);
      this.enteredValue = ''
    }
  }
});

app.mount('#app');
```

The html is
```html
<div id="app">
  <div>
    <label for="goal">Goal</label>
    <input type="text"
      id="goal"
      v-model="enteredValue" />
    <button v-on:click="addGoals">Add Goal</button>
  </div>
  <ul>
    <li v-for="goal in goals">{{ goal }}</li>
  </ul>
</div>
```