## Vue method execution
Any non-event bound methods will execute on any event changes. If we use the imperative
operators {{ method() }}, and not bind a method to an event, this method() will execute on
every other change in the app. This is because the method does not know if its contents
will rely on one of those other changes, hence it must execute again. Therefore it is not
advisable to have these methods inside brackets.


```javascript
changeName() {
  if (this.confirmedName === '') {
    return '';
  }
  return `${this.confirmedName} LastName`;
}
```
```html
<p>Your Name: {{ changeName() }}</p>
```
This value will be calculated in the background on every event. 


## Computed properties
This is another reserved property of an instance of a vue app like 'data' and methods'.
Like methods, it is an object of functions, but we should treat each computed property as
data properties / variables. Thus computer properties should simply return a calculated
value. 

The difference between computed properties and methods is that if called imperatively, a
computed property will only execute if one of its properties has changed. Methods will
execute on every event irregardless of the event target.

Note that even if the computed property is theoretically a function, it cannot be called
as a function like computed(), but instead must be pointed at without ()s.

Computed properties should have nouns as names and not verbs like methods.

```html
<p>Your Name: {{ fullName }}</p>
```

```javascript
computed: {
  fullName() {
    console.log('running again');
    if (this.confirmedName === '') {
      return '';
    }
    return `${this.confirmedName} LastName`;
  }
},
```