## Dynamic classes
There are a few ways to dynamically class an element using vue. In all cases, the static
classes can remain as is with the proper syntax, whilst the dynamically v-bind classes can
be an addition.

1. Using only v-bind will transform the value into a javascript environment, allowing for
   javascipt ternary operations.
  ```html
  <div class="demo"
    :class="boxASelected ? 'active' : ''"
    @click="selectBox('A')"></div>
  ``` 
2. Using v-bind and then using a javascript object inside the "" value. This allows for
   multiple classes controlled by true/false. Here the 'active' class will be enabled
   depending on the value of 'boxASelected'.
  ```html
  <div :class="{demo: true, active: boxASelected}"
    @click="selectBox('A')"></div>
  ```
3. You can also pass an array instead of an object to the v-bind:class. This allows for
   both mixing of static classes and dynamic classes. The dynamic classes will be wrapped
   as an object.
   ```html
    <div :class="['demo demo2', {active: boxASelected}]"
      @click="selectBox('A')"></div>
   ```
   
Only the first example has logic in the statement and is not recommended for more complex
logic. Instead, we should use vue computed properties for classes that require more
complex logic.

## Dynamic classes using computed properties
We can use computed properties if the logic is more complex. Here is a poor example but it
shows what is possible.

```html
<div :class="['demo salmon', computedA]"
  @click="selectBox('A')"></div>
```

```javascript
computed: {
  computedA() {
    return { active: this.boxASelected };
  }
},
```

## Making the class a toggle

```javascript
methods: {
  selectBox(box) {
    if (box === 'A') {
      this.boxASelected = !thix.boxASelected;
    } else if (box === 'B') {
      this.boxBSelected = !thix.boxBSelected;
    } else if (box === 'C') {
      this.boxCSelected = !thix.boxCSelected;
    }
  }
}
```


## My thoughts
I think most of the time, there will be a list of static classes that should not be
dynamic. Those classes should remain as the vanilla syntax. We can then add on additional
classes by way of using either javascript objects, or arrays with computed properties if
the conditions are more complex.