## Removing elements
In this example, we can remove elements in the array using the 'splice' method.

## splice method for array.splice()
array.splice(startingIndex, deleteCount, insertItem1, ... insertItemN)
This array method a minimum of 2 parameters. This array removes items from an array and
can optionally replace. The 'startingIndex' is the index in which to start removing. The
'deleteCount' is the number of indexes that will be removed. A 'deleteCount' of 0 removes
no indexes. The 'insertItem" will be inserted at the place of the 'startingIndex'.

This example simply removes 1 index from the array:
```javascript
array.splice(index, 1);
```

## Adding event listeners for v-for generated elements
This example shows that the variables for the v-for can be used anywhere within the v-for element.

```html
<li v-for="(goal, index) in goals"
  @click="removeGoal(index)">{{ goal }}</li>
```

```javascript
removeGoal(index) {
  this.goals.splice(index, 1);
}
```

## .stop event modifier
This modifier does not need to take a value. The definition of '.stop' is to stop the
propagation of an event. For example: if we have a parent element that has a click event:

```html
<li v-for="(goal, index) in goals"
  @click="removeGoal(index)">
  <p>{{ goal }}</p>
  <input type="text" />
</li>
```
When attempting to click on and input text into the text element will activate the click
event and remove it. We can add the @click.stop directive to stop propagation of the
click event.

```html
<li v-for="(goal, index) in goals"
  @click="removeGoal(index)">
  <p>{{ goal }}</p>
  <input type="text"
    @click.stop />
</li>
```

## Buggy Vue behaviour when removing v-for elements from the array
from Episode46: Behind the scenes, when Vue removes a v-for element from an array, it will
actually only move/shift the vue-defined variables and then delete the necessary number of
v-for elements. This process does not take into account any user input into input nodes
within the v-for element.

This bug can be remedied by using an extra attribute which Vue will recognize in the v-for
element tag. 


# v-bind:key="unique" / :key="unique"
The extra attribute is a "key" and should be v-binded for Vue to recognize. The "unique"
key should not be the index of the array.

```html
<div v-for="value in array" :key="value">
```

As long as each value in the array is unique, the