## v-model on a custom component
v-model is an attribute that is actually a combination of:
1. is synced to a data property
1. v-on:input=""
1. v-bind="" 

On input, change a data property and when a data property has been changed, change the
value of the v-model element.  What I know, v-model binds and syns an element which means that whatever value the input is, the v-model data property will also represent. 


## v-model's v-bind="" attribute
When v-model is used on a custom component, it will automatically pass a prop with a
reserved name "model-value". This will allow v-model to change the value inside the custom
component when its associated data property has changed.
These two are essentially the same in terms of passing a prop. Adding a v-model attribute
directly on a custom component passes a "model-value" prop. This will turn into the
"modelValue" in camelCase.
```html
<rating-control v-model="rating"></rating-control>
<rating-control :model-value="rating"></rating-control>
```
```js
export default {
  props: ["modelValue"],
}
```

## v-model's v-on:event="" attribute
The other part of v-model is how it is always listening to an input change event in the
element's value. Whenever the element's value changes, v-model will update the data
property automatically. This is done in custom components as a custom $emit event.

v-model will be automatically listening to a custom emit even from the component with the
reserved name: "update:modelValue".
```js
export default {
  emits: ["update:modelValue"],
  props: ["modelValue"],
}
```
These two are essentially the same.
```html
<rating-control v-model="rating"></rating-control>
<rating-control :model-value="rating" @update:model-value="this.rating = rating"></rating-control>
```

All we would need to do is to correctly use both prop and emit event in order to easily
use v-model on a custom component.


